psa/docs/faq.md, before:

### Do I have to pay for updates?
No. If you have bought it already then all future updates are included for free (Royalty Free). To get the new version
of the addon go to the store you made your purchase (either 
[BlenderMarket](https://blendermarket.com/products/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere) or
[Gumroad](https://gumroad.com/l/PSaA)) and grab the latest version. For more information see [updating](/psa/updating/) procedure.

### _Physical Starlight and Atmosphere_ is not installing!      
- Please remove the old addon folder before [installing](/psa/getting-started/#installation) a new version.
- Do not try to install it on the Blender install directory itself.
*bad example*: `C:\ProgramFiles\Blender Foundation\Blender\2.XX\scripts\addons`. You can find correct path to install
the addon [here](/psa/updating).
- On Macs, browser (or Finder?) sometimes automatically unzips .zip files. You need to install the .zip file!

### _Physical Starlight and Atmosphere_ won't enable!
- Try reopening Blender.
- Check [_First Run_](/psa/getting-started/#first-run) section for a guidance. 
- _Physical Starlight and Atmosphere_ only works with Blender 2.8 and above.

### I use Cycles and see fireflies (strange white artifacts)
Fireflies are abnormally bright pixels relative to their surroundings. Unfortunately using Cycles in combination with scenes that have low light levels will cause fireflies. This effect
can be avoided by increasing samples (Render properties > Sampling) or using Super Image Denoiser. For more detailed
information see [this issue](https://github.com/PhysicalAddons/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere/issues/22).


!!! info "Didn't find your answer?"
    Check out this [Awesome community driven forum thread](https://blenderartists.org/t/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere-addon-for-2-8-v1-1/1185314)
    for more help. If you think that you might have found a new bug go to [Issue tracker](https://github.com/PhysicalAddons/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere/issues)
    to see if it hasn't been already reported or in a process of fixing.

Commit message:

Add FAQ entry about Nishita vs PSA

psa/docs/faq.md, after:

### Do I have to pay for updates?
No. If you have bought it already then all future updates are included for free (Royalty Free). To get the new version
of the addon go to the store you made your purchase (either 
[BlenderMarket](https://blendermarket.com/products/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere) or
[Gumroad](https://gumroad.com/l/PSaA)) and grab the latest version. For more information see [updating](/psa/updating/) procedure.

### What is the difference between [Nishita sky](https://www.blender.org/download/releases/2-90/) texture and this addon?
'Nishita Sky' is one of many mathematical methods of rendering Earth's atmosphere in daylight.
It is an analytical model meaning it uses color and luminance values measured during daylight by scientists on Earth.
Its advantage is that it is simple and fast and delivers realistic renders on ground level during the daytime.
Disadvantages:

- it only works in Cycles for now (no Eevee support)
- No full day/night cycle
- no correct appearance above the ground level
- only works for limited weather conditions on Earth

PSA on the other hand uses a procedural method of calculating the atmosphere based on many tweakable parameters.
So it does not limit the sky color to only Earth's atmosphere. It has a full day/night cycle and looks correct above ground
level. And it has object fog included. PSA works in Eevee render as well as Cycles.

### _Physical Starlight and Atmosphere_ is not installing!      
- Please remove the old addon folder before [installing](/psa/getting-started/#installation) a new version.
- Do not try to install it on the Blender install directory itself.
*bad example*: `C:\ProgramFiles\Blender Foundation\Blender\2.XX\scripts\addons`. You can find correct path to install
the addon [here](/psa/updating).
- On Macs, browser (or Finder?) sometimes automatically unzips .zip files. You need to install the .zip file!

### _Physical Starlight and Atmosphere_ won't enable!
- Try reopening Blender.
- Check [_First Run_](/psa/getting-started/#first-run) section for a guidance. 
- _Physical Starlight and Atmosphere_ only works with Blender 2.8 and above.

### I use Cycles and see fireflies (strange white artifacts)
Fireflies are abnormally bright pixels relative to their surroundings. Unfortunately using Cycles in combination with scenes that have low light levels will cause fireflies. This effect
can be avoided by increasing samples (Render properties > Sampling) or using Super Image Denoiser. For more detailed
information see [this issue](https://github.com/PhysicalAddons/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere/issues/22).


!!! info "Didn't find your answer?"
    Check out this [Awesome community driven forum thread](https://blenderartists.org/t/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere-addon-for-2-8-v1-1/1185314)
    for more help. If you think that you might have found a new bug go to [Issue tracker](https://github.com/PhysicalAddons/physical-starlight-and-atmosphere/issues)
    to see if it hasn't been already reported or in a process of fixing.
